---
type: article
title: ASAO-0343
asao_id: 343


draft: true
---


**Description:** 
ASAO-0343 is a sentient entity with limited memetic abilities. 343 is capable of changing other's memory of their physical appearance. So far 343 only changed to a gelatinous blob of matter with a hard to describe expression. This form only exists in other's memories. 343 can chose who is affected by this anti-memetic influence.




# Observation records:
## 0343-001
*2021-04-04 20:08 UTC+1*

The entity appears to cause anomalous weather conditions. Including sudden changes in localized weather phenomena.

This might be a sign of increasing activity.
Further research is necessery.

## 0343-002
*2021-05-19 16:55 UTC+1*

ASAO-0343 seams to easily get distracted and start new projects at least once a week in average. This property helps us in containment as none of the projects reach a level of maturity where they could be considered harmful.
Containment Procedure:
It is quite important to keep ASAO-0343 distracted if needed introducing new project ideas. If ASAO-0343 were to ever stay solely focused on a single project it could lead to a K-5 restructuring event. If ASAO-0343 were to ever focus on a single project for more than 15 days the Administartor is to be contacted.

Report:
We had to supply a new project for ASAO-0343, as the last one [REDACTED] was nearing completion. We determined that the previous method of giving ASAO-0343 a non usable laptop is not a viable way to restrict ASAO-0343. Not long after the faulty laptop was introduced, 343 returned it for guarantee service repairs. At roughly the same time a global chip shortage happened. This might not be a result of ASAO-0343's anomalous properties, but we can not rule the connection out. 

For this time we implanted a discomfort in ASAO-0343 towards it's habitat. This forced 343 to remodel the house.

# Experiment Logs:

## Experiment log #8209:
343 was presented one ordinary, fully working, generic brand laptop, with no networking hardware installed.

- After being left with the device for a day, ASAO-0343 had rearranged the components of the computer to create a small hand-sized portal to a parallel universe consisting only of popcorn.